Add save reminder to Adv mode and change colors based on how long it has been since a save (#1384)
DFHack/scripts: changelog.txt

- `position`: support for adv mode look cursor

## Misc Improvements

> - `hide-tutorials`: if enabled, also hide tutorial popups for adventure mode
> - `hide-tutorials`: new ``reset`` command that will re-enable popups in the current game
> - `gui/notify`: save reminder now appears in adventure mode and also changes color to yellow at 30 minutes and to orange at 60 minutes
> - `gui/notify`: moody dwarf notification turns red when they can't find workshop or items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hide-tutorials`: handle tutorial popups for adventure mode
- `hide-tutorials`: new ``reset`` command that will re-enable popups in the current game (in case you hid them all and now want them back)
- `gui/notify`: moody dwarf notification turns red when they can't reach workshop or items
- `gui/notify`: save reminder now appears in adventure mode
- `gui/notify`: save reminder changes color to yellow at 30 minutes and to orange at 60 minutes
```
